DOC-2392: Re-write of `editor-plugin-version.adoc` page. (#3292)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/admon-script-tag-placement.adoc

[IMPORTANT]

> The plugin script tag must be positioned between the {productname} script tag and the `tinymce.init()` call. For applications that bundle {productname}, delay the `tinymce.init()` call until the plugin script tag has fully loaded. This ensures that the plugin is available when the editor is initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin script tag must be positioned between the {productname} script tag and the `tinymce.init()` call. For applications that bundle {productname}, delay the `tinymce.init()` call until the plugin has been fully loaded. This ensures that the plugin is available when the editor is initialized.
```

> The plugin script tag must be positioned between the {productname} script tag and the `tinymce.init()` call. For applications that bundle {productname}, delay the `tinymce.init()` call until the plugin script tag has fully loaded. This ensures that the plugin is available when the editor is initialized.

Reviewer 2: I think it's important to be specific.
```suggestion
The cloud plugin script tag must be positioned between the {productname} script tag and the `tinymce.init()` call. For applications that bundle {productname}, delay the `tinymce.init()` call until after the cloud plugin script tag has loaded. This ensures that the cloud plugins are available when the editor is initialized.
```
